Hi the book is here enjoy the read!


One Girl Two Paths
                                           
Today is April 10th, the day 2 girls were born. Akane and Amaya. Akane in Tokyo, Japan and Amaya in Takah, Yohara a princess to be. 16 years later... Ding Ding Ding ughh the school bell now it’s time for Japanese history soo boring. “Come on Akane it’s not that bad.”  
“Really Kushieda? we are stuck in a classroom repeating the same thing for like 3 months.” said Akane.
 “That's because we're getting ready for a project remember.” said Kushieda
“ Yeah Yeah let’s go.” said Akane as they went to class.
 Ok, class today we are going to learn about an old tale. Once upon a time, a beautiful girl was born. Her name was Amaya. She was going to be the princess of a place called Takah in the country Yohara. Amaya would become the new princess then the queen. After a few years, Amaya was known as Princess Amaya. Kind and generous. But one day Amaya had to go meet another village with her parents, Queen Mayara and King Toshiro. But there was an accident on the way to the village her parents had died but Princess Amaya was nowhere to be found. That’s the end class, do you have any questions.” Natsumi raises her hand. “ Yes, Natsumi.” “Was the princess ever found?” Natsumi asked curiously. “No she hadn’t been found.” replied the teacher. “Ok go ahead Sakuya.”  “Then who will be the princess then queen?” asked Sakuya. “Well maybe they will find another girl to take her place.” replied the teacher. “Akane what’s your question.”  “When was she born?” asked Akane. “What a wonderful question. Amaya was actually born April 10th.” replied the teacher. “Really what a coincidence I was born on the same day.” asserted Akane. “Now class tomorrow there will be a test. So take a booklet and study hard you are dismissed.”  the teacher said.

“Come on Akane let’s go to the park before home.” said Kushieda. “Oh ok” replied Akane. The park was on their way  home, as they arrived at the park, Kushieda said “All right choose 3 flowers from the garden.” “What Kushieda can’t we just go home.” said Akane a bit irritated. “Nope if you hurry then we can.” replied Kushieda. “Fine I choose the Cherry Blossom the Rose and Dahlia.” said Akane choosing her favourite flowers.  “Wonderful bunch Akane”. Said Kushieda with a laugh. “Now we can go home and here’s a rose I picked for you” as Kushieda put it in Akane’s hair. “it looks beautiful in your hair.” “Thank You Kushieda. Also why did you even need the flowers.” asked Akane. “I will tell you tomorrow.” said Kushieda and she left towards her home. Akane walked home while admiring the beautiful flowers on her way and the rose Kushieda put in her hair. “Hey Mom and Dad.” said Akane as she entered her home.  “Hello sweetie how was school? do you want some ramen?.” asked Akane’s Mom. “Sure.” replied Akane. “Ok, wash up and come to the dining table.” said Akane’s Mother.  “Here you go so how was school.” asked Akane’s Mom as she puts a fresh bowl of ramen in front of Akane.  “We are having a test on a princess named Amaya tomorrow.” replied Akane with resentment. “Really what were her parent’s name?” asked Akane’s mom with a hint of curiosity, “I think they were Queen Mayara and King Toshiro.” replied Akane. “Very interesting well good luck.” said her Mom as she walked towards the kitchen. “Thanks.” said Akane. Akane quickly finished her bowl of ramen and dropped it off in the kitchen. “Thanks, Mom I am going to go study now.” said Akane while she was going up the stairs and went into her room. 
...1 hour later…
 “time to sleep YAY!.” “Ugh finally my comfy bed and blanket.” says Akane as she gets into her bed. Akane fell asleep but little did she know were she’ll end up. Swoosh “Where am I and why is it cold mom dad please lower the cooling.” “Wait mom dad where am I. Is this a dream?” asked Akane as she slowly opens her eyes Squeak Squeak “What was that.” asked Akane panicking. Rustle Rustle a rat and a huge one too. “I’m leaving.” says Akane as she hurries away from where she woke up. “A cave perfect but where am I.” “I am sure I can find some civilization.” Says Akane while trying to control her worry. “Oh look a man.” she says with a sigh of relief  “Hey there where am I?”. asked Akane as she got closer. “Princess Amaya?? no way!!” said the man. “What? Sorry?” says Akane looking confused. “Come people look it’s Princess Amaya.” yells the man to surrounding people. “Your Highness well you’re in Takah Yohara of course.” replied the man. “Let us escort you to your palace.” the man requested knowing that he will be rewarded for finding the princess  “What! leave me alone.” yelled Akane. However, the villagers took Akane to the palace. Akane reluctantly went. Takara, Amaya’s old friend came running out to the courtyard as she heard the news. “Amaya Amaya !!! is that really you?” says Takara joyously. “Ok,who is this Amaya and no my name is Akane” replies Akane. “But you look just like her anyways, come along let’s get you into a dress and fix up your hair” says Takara as she takes her inside.  “Also we will introduce you as the princess to all of Yohara, and the prince will also be coming in about 3 weeks to ask for your hand and after your marriage, you will be queen. Understood,” said Tokara. “No I am going home.” says Akane as she tries to leave “Guards bring her in.” instructs Tokara. The guards bring Akane inside the castle to princess Amaya’s room.




“Hail Hail Princess Akane the reincarnation of Princess Amaya.” says Tokara as she enters with the princess into the courtyard “This dress is waay too puffy don't you have a straighter dress?” asked Akane “We gave you an option to choose it on your own your highness but you refused.” replied Takara.  “Ugh fine” replies Akane with anger. The prince was arriving today, Akane was starting to feel shy to meet the prince as each minute passed. Finally it was time that Akane would meet the prince. The castle’s scout came hurrying to the court and says“The prince has arrived”
“are you ready your highness?” asked Takara. “Oh yes I am fine because I somehow appeared in this world became a princess and have to marry him what do you think huh!” said Akane “No worries you’ll be fine.” said Takara assuring Akane “Oh and Takara right?” asked Akane  “Yes m’lady.” replied Takara “Please just call me Akane” “I think that you and I will make great friends.” Said Akane as Prince Yasu arrives in the courtyard. The prince and the princess are introduced. “What should I do?” whispered Akane to Takara. “Take a walk with him in the garden and get to know him a bit, I’ll send some guards with you as well” replied Takara “No, No, that’s ok, no guards” replied Akane. “Shall we go to the garden Prince Yasu”
As they walked into the garden, they were already talking like they had known each other for ages. Princess Akane admits to Prince Yasu, “I am actually not Princess Amaya, I am Akane”  “Huh?” replies Prince Yasu looking confused. Akane tells her whole story to Prince Yasu.  “But I am going to find Princess Amaya and put her in this place. I am just an ordinary girl that’s in highschool.” said Akane “Whats highschool?” asked Yasu “Nothing” replied Akane with a hint of bitterness “So what do you do in your spare time?” asked Yasu “I love to draw and paint” replied Akane “Really I love to do the same” said Yasu with a little excitement “What do you like to draw and paint.” asked Yasu with curiosity. “Oh I love to paint flowers and sceneries.” replied Akane.“Same”. Said Yasu with excitement.  What do you think of being royal.” asked Yasu “Royal is annoying. You don't get any privacy, or any free time you have thousands of papers to sign and you have to judge it is really just annoying.” replied Akane “That’s exactly what I think” “well, anyways it’s getting dark we should go back.” said Yasu “Yeah you’re right let’s go.” replied Akane. They started to walk back to the courtyard “Hi Takara.” said Akane as she arrived in the courtyard “How was it Akane” asked Tokara “fun he and I have lots of things in common.” replied Akane “Thats great.” replied Takara “OK I am going to sleep now i’m really tired.” said Akane. “Oh ok no worries.” said Takara. Akane started to walk towards her room “I have to find Amaya now” says Akane to herself. Akane changed into her pants and shirt and ran down the stairs to get a horse.  “Ugh how do you put on saddles.” says Akane outloud thinking she was alone. “May I be of assistance Akane.” asked Yasu “What? you? you’re supposed to be sleeping.” said Akane shocked to find Yasu standing behind her. “Well how you went to sleep and said you’re going to find the princess it’s not that hard.” replied Yasu “Wow someone who can actually outsmart me” “congratulations you are now coming with me hurry up.” says Akane as she pulls him towards the horses “Right why are you so ruff” said Yasu “because I need to get home understand I am not the reincarnation of Amaya or Princess Akane. Now let’s go.” replied Akane. They quickly got on the horses and they rode until the horses got tired. “Let’s camp here tonight.” said Akane as they were very far from the castle. “Anyways why did you decide to come with me.” asked Akane “Oh well I don't know I guess I wanted to go on an adventure because I don't get enough time to you know have some me time.” replied Yasu “It’s gotten really late lets sleep.” said Yasu yawning “Ok I will sleep by the tree stump and you can sleep by the bags.” said Akane 
“Good Night.” said Yasu “You too.” replied Akane. Akane and Yasu slept until the sun rose.

 “What would you like for breakfast Yasu?” asked Akane “Umm doesn't really matter.” replied Yasu “OK here birch soup.” said Akane as she handed him the soup Slurrp. “Ohh it tastes really good.” “That’s great now let’s get going I have a feeling that Princess Amaya is in a cave Northwest from here so we should get to it fast.” said Akane as she got on her horse. Yasu and Akane rode until they reached the cave. “Now we have to be really cautious.” said Yasu. They both approached the cave cautiously when they saw something. “What’s that?” asked Yasu “I have no idea let’s check it out.” said Akane as they entered the cave “Oh no” said Yasu in surprise “What happened” Akane said scared. “It’s Princess Amaya.” said Yasu “Really oh let me check her heartbeat.” said Akane as she went to check Amaya’s heartbeat. “She’s dead.” said Akane.  “Hahaha so you found her.” said the witch from a corner in the cave “Who are you? My name is Kurosawa.” said the witch“Wait Kurosawa I banished you from Yohara what are you doing with the princess.” said Yasu “Ah just simply bringing her back to life with this.” replied Kurosawa. *Poof* the princess awoke. “Who are you and why do you look like me and you wait Yasu?” asked Amaya’s as she woke up. “Amaya long time no see.” said Yasu. “who are you?” asked Amaya as she looked at Akane “My name is Akane and I am your reincarnation.” replied Akane “Really I have a reincarnation?” asked Princess Amaya “Please your highness take your place in the throne I want to go back home to my family.” said Akane “Wait did you say Akane?” asked Amaya “Yes.” replied Akane with a confused look “Akane it’s you really you.” said Amaya “Uhh how do you know me” asked Akane “well, you’re the daughter of Queen Konoe and King Osamu.” said Amaya “Those are my parents. Then how did I end up in Tokyo ,Japan?” asked Akane.  “Well let me explain.” replied Amaya but then she noticed another person in the room “You, you’re Kurosawa go away I need 10 minutes then come back.” said Amaya “Fine I will let you be princess” replied Kurosawa as she exited the cave. “and Yasu you go to” said Amaya. “Sure see you guys later.” said Yasu and he left the cave. “Anyways let me begin. You and I were born April 10th right” said Amaya “yes” replied Akane “Well before we were born your parents were the rulers of Nakatah, Yohara. They were the king and queen and my parents were the king and queen of Takeh. Our parents were best friends so we are like sisters. But your parents got tired of royalty and wanted to be normal people so they did a spell to go to Tokyo, Japan. Since then King Noru and Queen Leila have been ruling it. Then you and I were born and you know the rest.” said Amaya.  “Do you know where you went Amaya when your parents died.” asked Akane. “Kurosawa found me and took me to this cave I died of hunger then now I came back to life.” said Amaya “Oh well let’s go you’re coming to the palace and taking your rightful place as queen and you are going to marry Yasu.” said Akane “Come back everyone one!” yells Amaya. “Ah finally it’s time.” thinks Kurosawa Kurosawa places a dark black rose in Amaya’s hair and Amaya turned evil. “I will Destroy All of Yohara.” yells Amaya “Oh no we have to warn everyone.” says Akane “What did you do to her Kurosawa” asked Yasu “nothing she is just under my control.” said Kurosawa “Let’s run in 3 2 1 go.” Akane whispers to Yasu. Akane and Yasu rode back and warned everyone. “Hurry get everyone to evacuation Amaya is coming” said Akane yelling.” Amaya” Takara said frightened. “Takara Yasu and I found her,but a witch put a spell on her to make her under her control,and now she’s coming to ruin all of Yohara.” said Akane as fast as she could.“Oh. Let’s hurry.” replied Tokara. Akane ran down to the royal advisors. “Isn’t there anything that I can do” asked Akane pleading . “Yes there is. Your highness.” replied an advisor. “Then speak.”said Akane impatiently “You will have to go to the storage and find the pure white rose. Put it in your hair and say this spell, it will melt the black rose and we will be saved.” replied the advisor “Understood.” Akane ran down to the storage and found the rose. She stood on the balcony where she addressed the people and said the chant. “Kono Kono la to re na shone.”Amaya’s rose started to melt. “What happened to my clothes? ” Akane said in surprise. “Akane” Takra said in relief. “Oh hey Takara” Akane said with happiness. The royal advisors came running in and the oldest said  “Thats right isn't it Akane you’re the Princess Of Light”, you have the power to defeat any evil” . “Really wow I will enjoy that” Akane said with lots of joy but what about Amaya. Amaya died your highness said Lesta the youngest advisor. “Ok bury her properly, I have decided to stay, I just need to get back home and tell my family, if that’s ok with everyone” Akane said with a pleading tone.” Here you go your highness” said the advisors . “Mom, Dad” Akane said with happiness and joy. “Oh, Akane what happened” said her parents. “I am a princess aren't I and you both are king and queen and you both are also friends with Amaya’s parents” Akane said with anger. “Yes your right” her parents replied. Well I know everything and I am staying in Takeh, I will come to visit every other day and I am taking Kushieda with me” Akane said with a hint of bitterness. “Don't worry her parents won’t know” Akane said as she was trying to open the door. Akane then walked to Kushieda’s house. “Hey Kushieda I want you to come with me” Akane said like it was an order. “Why” Kushieda said confused as why her friend was acting weird.
  30 minutes later….
“ Really wow your royalty, your highness” Kushieda said with humor.” No no please don't curtsey I am just Akane to you.” Now let’s go and with a quick clap, they appeared in Takeh. “Wow Akane it’s beautiful” Kusieda said with amazement. “Yeah I know and I am going to rule it “ Akane said with happiness. Then Takara came running out of the castle. “Akane are you alright?” Takara asked with worries. “I am fine now Takara meet Kushieda Kushieda meet Takara” Akane said with joy. “Takara, Kushieda is my best friend as well, I want both of you to be my personal advisors and Takara please show Kushieda around, especially the flower garden” Akane said. “Wait you have a flower garden amazing.” said Kushieda .”Well, then the both of you go on” Akane said.
 3 days later
 It was time for Akane to become queen and Yasu to become king. I now enounce Akane, Rachel Tenkawa queen of Takeh and Honway and Yasu, Tsbake The King of Takeh and Honoway.  “Yay!!!” Kushieda said with a little to much excitement.” Kushieda really calm down” Akane said with embarrassment. “Oh remember those flowers you choose here” Kushieda said with joy.” Kushieda the wreath is beautiful” Akane said with awe
“Also you sir” Kushieda said. “Just call me Yasu” Yasu said with some humour. “This is for you” “A necklace it’s wonderful” Yasu replied with amazement.
“Akane you did a great job” Amaya said with a happy voice.” Huh, Amaya where are you” Akane asked in curiosity. “Oh this is just my spirit” Amaya said with sadness.” Oh well, it is quite a wonderful day huh Amaya” Akane said with joy to help Amaya feel better.” It’s beautiful great job sister” Amaya said. “Thank you Amaya I will always remember you goodbye” Akane said with tears in her eyes. “GoodBye.” Amaya said has she turned into dust.


Finally there was peace in all of Yohara. Akane did a great job ruling and always went t go visit her parents. She taught the young girls and boys about Math and other subjects and got Kushieda to teach her how to make flower wreaths. Akane also was able to take the test about Amaya so that way she can graduate from high school and she got perfect! Now my friends it was a great tale see you soon.
